c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\bin\Debug\LogViewer.exe.config
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\bin\Debug\LogViewer.exe
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\bin\Debug\LogViewer.pdb
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\bin\Debug\DynamicDataDisplay.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\LogViewer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\LogViewer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\LogViewer.g.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\LogViewer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\LogViewer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\LogViewer.exe
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\LogViewer.pdb
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\ChartWindow.baml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\ChartWindow.g.cs
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\LogViewer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\ControlWindow.baml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LogViewer\LogViewer\obj\Debug\ControlWindow.g.cs
